gov/cdc/epiinfo/analysis/MapViewer.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.analysis.MapViewer
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.analysis.MapViewer$1
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.analysis.MapViewer$2
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.analysis.MapViewer$3
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.analysis.MapViewer$4
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.analysis.MapViewer$WaitAndRender
gov/cdc/epiinfo/AppManager.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.AppManager
goldengine/java/ParseResultConstants.java
 goldengine.java.ParseResultConstants
gov/cdc/epiinfo/cloud/LoginActivity.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.cloud.LoginActivity
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.cloud.LoginActivity$1
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.cloud.LoginActivity$TokenRefresher
gov/cdc/epiinfo/interpreter/Rule_Hide.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.interpreter.Rule_Hide
gov/cdc/epiinfo/Interviewer.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.Interviewer
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.Interviewer$1
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.Interviewer$10
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.Interviewer$2
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.Interviewer$3
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.Interviewer$4
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.Interviewer$5
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.Interviewer$6
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.Interviewer$7
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.Interviewer$8
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.Interviewer$9
gov/cdc/epiinfo/interpreter/Cmd_If.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.interpreter.Cmd_If
gov/cdc/epiinfo/interpreter/functions/Rule_Strlen.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.interpreter.functions.Rule_Strlen
gov/cdc/epiinfo/interpreter/Cmd_Hide.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.interpreter.Cmd_Hide
gov/cdc/epiinfo/statcalc/calculators/Unmatched.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.statcalc.calculators.Unmatched
goldengine/java/RecordIDConstants.java
 goldengine.java.RecordIDConstants
gov/cdc/epiinfo/interpreter/Func_Substring.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.interpreter.Func_Substring
gov/cdc/epiinfo/interpreter/Rule_NegateExp.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.interpreter.Rule_NegateExp
com/creativewidgetworks/goldparser/engine/Parser.java
 com.creativewidgetworks.goldparser.engine.Parser
 com.creativewidgetworks.goldparser.engine.Parser$1
gov/cdc/epiinfo/Launcher.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.Launcher
gov/cdc/epiinfo/interpreter/functions/Rule_CurrentUser.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.interpreter.functions.Rule_CurrentUser
com/creativewidgetworks/goldparser/util/Extractor.java
 com.creativewidgetworks.goldparser.util.Extractor
goldengine/java/LookAheadStream.java
 goldengine.java.LookAheadStream
goldengine/java/Reduction.java
 goldengine.java.Reduction
gov/cdc/epiinfo/interpreter/Rule_CompareExp.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.interpreter.Rule_CompareExp
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.interpreter.Rule_CompareExp$1
com/creativewidgetworks/goldparser/engine/LRStateList.java
 com.creativewidgetworks.goldparser.engine.LRStateList
gov/cdc/epiinfo/interpreter/functions/Rule_Validate.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.interpreter.functions.Rule_Validate
gov/cdc/epiinfo/etc/TextUtils.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.etc.TextUtils
gov/cdc/epiinfo/interpreter/Rule_Dialog.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.interpreter.Rule_Dialog
gov/cdc/epiinfo/interpreter/Rule_FunctionCall.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.interpreter.Rule_FunctionCall
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.interpreter.Rule_FunctionCall$1
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.interpreter.Rule_FunctionCall$Function_Enum
gov/cdc/epiinfo/analysis/cWorkingTable.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.analysis.cWorkingTable
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.analysis.cWorkingTable$DBReadExecute
gov/cdc/epiinfo/interpreter/functions/Rule_Rnd.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.interpreter.functions.Rule_Rnd
com/creativewidgetworks/goldparser/engine/enums/AdvanceMode.java
 com.creativewidgetworks.goldparser.engine.enums.AdvanceMode
gov/cdc/epiinfo/MainActivity.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.MainActivity
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.MainActivity$1
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.MainActivity$2
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.MainActivity$3
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.MainActivity$4
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.MainActivity$5
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.MainActivity$6
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.MainActivity$7
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.MainActivity$8
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.MainActivity$AsyncDailyDownloader
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.MainActivity$AsyncExporter
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.MainActivity$CloudSynchronizer
gov/cdc/epiinfo/etc/PBKDF2.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.etc.PBKDF2
com/creativewidgetworks/goldparser/engine/enums/ParseResult.java
 com.creativewidgetworks.goldparser.engine.enums.ParseResult
gov/cdc/epiinfo/interpreter/Rule_Context.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.interpreter.Rule_Context
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.interpreter.Rule_Context$1
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.interpreter.Rule_Context$LevelEnum
gov/cdc/epiinfo/interpreter/Rule_Highlight.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.interpreter.Rule_Highlight
gov/cdc/epiinfo/DeviceManager.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.DeviceManager
gov/cdc/epiinfo/interpreter/Func_Trunc.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.interpreter.Func_Trunc
com/creativewidgetworks/goldparser/parser/Scope.java
 com.creativewidgetworks.goldparser.parser.Scope
com/creativewidgetworks/goldparser/engine/Group.java
 com.creativewidgetworks.goldparser.engine.Group
gov/cdc/epiinfo/analysis/SharedResources.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.analysis.SharedResources
gov/cdc/epiinfo/interpreter/Rule_Record_Checkcode_Statement.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.interpreter.Rule_Record_Checkcode_Statement
gov/cdc/epiinfo/statcalc/ChiSquareActivity.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.statcalc.ChiSquareActivity
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.statcalc.ChiSquareActivity$LocalTextWatcher
gov/cdc/epiinfo/interpreter/functions/Rule_Seconds.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.interpreter.functions.Rule_Seconds
gov/cdc/epiinfo/RecordEditor.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.RecordEditor
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.RecordEditor$1
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.RecordEditor$2
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.RecordEditor$3
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.RecordEditor$4
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.RecordEditor$5
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.RecordEditor$6
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.RecordEditor$7
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.RecordEditor$8
gov/cdc/epiinfo/interpreter/Rule_Disable.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.interpreter.Rule_Disable
gov/cdc/epiinfo/analysis/PieChartView.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.analysis.PieChartView
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.analysis.PieChartView$1
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.analysis.PieChartView$2
gov/cdc/epiinfo/interpreter/Variable.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.interpreter.Variable
gov/cdc/epiinfo/interpreter/Cmd_Empty.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.interpreter.Cmd_Empty
gov/cdc/epiinfo/statcalc/etc/CCResult.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.statcalc.etc.CCResult
gov/cdc/epiinfo/interpreter/functions/Rule_DateDiff.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.interpreter.functions.Rule_DateDiff
gov/cdc/epiinfo/statcalc/calculators/Poisson.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.statcalc.calculators.Poisson
gov/cdc/epiinfo/interpreter/Cmd_Unhide.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.interpreter.Cmd_Unhide
gov/cdc/epiinfo/interpreter/functions/Rule_Trunc.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.interpreter.functions.Rule_Trunc
gov/cdc/epiinfo/LauncherXML.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.LauncherXML
goldengine/java/VariableList.java
 goldengine.java.VariableList
gov/cdc/epiinfo/interpreter/ICommand.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.interpreter.ICommand
gov/cdc/epiinfo/etc/CustomView.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.etc.CustomView
gov/cdc/epiinfo/statcalc/calculators/SharedResources.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.statcalc.calculators.SharedResources
com/creativewidgetworks/goldparser/engine/enums/CGTRecord.java
 com.creativewidgetworks.goldparser.engine.enums.CGTRecord
com/creativewidgetworks/goldparser/util/FormatHelper.java
 com.creativewidgetworks.goldparser.util.FormatHelper
gov/cdc/epiinfo/interpreter/Rule_Assign.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.interpreter.Rule_Assign
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.interpreter.Rule_Assign$1
gov/cdc/epiinfo/interpreter/Rule_Call.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.interpreter.Rule_Call
com/creativewidgetworks/goldparser/engine/enums/LRActionType.java
 com.creativewidgetworks.goldparser.engine.enums.LRActionType
com/creativewidgetworks/goldparser/engine/FAEdge.java
 com.creativewidgetworks.goldparser.engine.FAEdge
goldengine/java/GOLDParser.java
 goldengine.java.GOLDParser
gov/cdc/epiinfo/analysis/FrequencyView.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.analysis.FrequencyView
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.analysis.FrequencyView$1
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.analysis.FrequencyView$2
gov/cdc/epiinfo/interpreter/Rule_AndExp.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.interpreter.Rule_AndExp
gov/cdc/epiinfo/interpreter/functions/Rule_Sin.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.interpreter.functions.Rule_Sin
goldengine/java/Token.java
 goldengine.java.Token
com/creativewidgetworks/goldparser/parser/GOLDParser.java
 com.creativewidgetworks.goldparser.parser.GOLDParser
 com.creativewidgetworks.goldparser.parser.GOLDParser$1
gov/cdc/epiinfo/interpreter/Cmd_GoTo.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.interpreter.Cmd_GoTo
gov/cdc/epiinfo/interpreter/functions/Rule_Cos.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.interpreter.functions.Rule_Cos
com/google/zxing/integration/android/IntentResult.java
 com.google.zxing.integration.android.IntentResult
goldengine/java/SimpleDatabase.java
 goldengine.java.SimpleDatabase
gov/cdc/epiinfo/interpreter/functions/Rule_Ln.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.interpreter.functions.Rule_Ln
gov/cdc/epiinfo/interpreter/functions/Rule_Minute.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.interpreter.functions.Rule_Minute
gov/cdc/epiinfo/etc/AudioProcessor.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.etc.AudioProcessor
gov/cdc/epiinfo/etc/CustomCheckBox.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.etc.CustomCheckBox
gov/cdc/epiinfo/interpreter/IFunction.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.interpreter.IFunction
gov/cdc/epiinfo/SyncFileGenerator.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.SyncFileGenerator
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.SyncFileGenerator$1
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.SyncFileGenerator$AsyncGenerator
gov/cdc/epiinfo/interpreter/Cmd_Disable.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.interpreter.Cmd_Disable
gov/cdc/epiinfo/interpreter/CSymbolTable.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.interpreter.CSymbolTable
gov/cdc/epiinfo/cloud/IBoxActivity.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.cloud.IBoxActivity
goldengine/java/FAState.java
 goldengine.java.FAState
gov/cdc/epiinfo/GeoLocation.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.GeoLocation
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.GeoLocation$1
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.GeoLocation$GeoSearchTask
gov/cdc/epiinfo/Permissions.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.Permissions
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.Permissions$1
gov/cdc/epiinfo/Preloader.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.Preloader
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.Preloader$1
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.Preloader$AsyncLoader
gov/cdc/epiinfo/interpreter/CommandFactory.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.interpreter.CommandFactory
gov/cdc/epiinfo/interpreter/functions/Rule_NumToTime.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.interpreter.functions.Rule_NumToTime
com/creativewidgetworks/goldparser/util/ResourceHelper.java
 com.creativewidgetworks.goldparser.util.ResourceHelper
gov/cdc/epiinfo/statcalc/UnmatchedActivity.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.statcalc.UnmatchedActivity
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.statcalc.UnmatchedActivity$1
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.statcalc.UnmatchedActivity$2
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.statcalc.UnmatchedActivity$3
gov/cdc/epiinfo/analysis/ExactOR.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.analysis.ExactOR
gov/cdc/epiinfo/KmlLoader.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.KmlLoader
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.KmlLoader$1
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.KmlLoader$LoadTask
gov/cdc/epiinfo/interpreter/Rule_PowExp.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.interpreter.Rule_PowExp
gov/cdc/epiinfo/cloud/EpiInfoCloudClient.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.cloud.EpiInfoCloudClient
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.cloud.EpiInfoCloudClient$HttpDelete
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.cloud.EpiInfoCloudClient$HttpPatch
com/creativewidgetworks/goldparser/engine/Production.java
 com.creativewidgetworks.goldparser.engine.Production
gov/cdc/epiinfo/InterviewLayoutManager.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.InterviewLayoutManager
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.InterviewLayoutManager$1
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.InterviewLayoutManager$10
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.InterviewLayoutManager$11
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.InterviewLayoutManager$12
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.InterviewLayoutManager$12$1
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.InterviewLayoutManager$12$2
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.InterviewLayoutManager$13
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.InterviewLayoutManager$14
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.InterviewLayoutManager$15
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.InterviewLayoutManager$16
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.InterviewLayoutManager$17
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.InterviewLayoutManager$18
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.InterviewLayoutManager$19
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.InterviewLayoutManager$2
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.InterviewLayoutManager$20
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.InterviewLayoutManager$21
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.InterviewLayoutManager$22
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.InterviewLayoutManager$23
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.InterviewLayoutManager$24
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.InterviewLayoutManager$25
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.InterviewLayoutManager$26
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.InterviewLayoutManager$27
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.InterviewLayoutManager$28
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.InterviewLayoutManager$29
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.InterviewLayoutManager$3
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.InterviewLayoutManager$30
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.InterviewLayoutManager$31
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.InterviewLayoutManager$32
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.InterviewLayoutManager$33
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.InterviewLayoutManager$34
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.InterviewLayoutManager$35
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.InterviewLayoutManager$4
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.InterviewLayoutManager$5
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.InterviewLayoutManager$6
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.InterviewLayoutManager$7
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.InterviewLayoutManager$8
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.InterviewLayoutManager$8$1
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.InterviewLayoutManager$8$2
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.InterviewLayoutManager$9
gov/cdc/epiinfo/etc/CustomTextView.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.etc.CustomTextView
gov/cdc/epiinfo/cloud/AzureClient.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.cloud.AzureClient
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.cloud.AzureClient$HttpDelete
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.cloud.AzureClient$HttpPatch
gov/cdc/epiinfo/cloud/SecureFTPClient.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.cloud.SecureFTPClient
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.cloud.SecureFTPClient$FtpItem
gov/cdc/epiinfo/interpreter/Cmd_Assign.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.interpreter.Cmd_Assign
gov/cdc/epiinfo/interpreter/Rule_Program.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.interpreter.Rule_Program
goldengine/java/ParserException.java
 goldengine.java.ParserException
gov/cdc/epiinfo/analysis/Statistic_Struct.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.analysis.Statistic_Struct
gov/cdc/epiinfo/LauncherPRE.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.LauncherPRE
gov/cdc/epiinfo/FormLayoutManager.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.FormLayoutManager
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.FormLayoutManager$1
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.FormLayoutManager$10
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.FormLayoutManager$11
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.FormLayoutManager$12
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.FormLayoutManager$12$1
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.FormLayoutManager$12$2
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.FormLayoutManager$13
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.FormLayoutManager$14
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.FormLayoutManager$15
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.FormLayoutManager$16
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.FormLayoutManager$17
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.FormLayoutManager$18
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.FormLayoutManager$19
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.FormLayoutManager$2
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.FormLayoutManager$20
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.FormLayoutManager$21
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.FormLayoutManager$22
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.FormLayoutManager$23
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.FormLayoutManager$24
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.FormLayoutManager$25
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.FormLayoutManager$26
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.FormLayoutManager$3
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.FormLayoutManager$4
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.FormLayoutManager$5
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.FormLayoutManager$6
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.FormLayoutManager$7
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.FormLayoutManager$8
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.FormLayoutManager$8$1
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.FormLayoutManager$8$2
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.FormLayoutManager$9
gov/cdc/epiinfo/statcalc/etc/Ref.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.statcalc.etc.Ref
com/creativewidgetworks/goldparser/engine/Position.java
 com.creativewidgetworks.goldparser.engine.Position
gov/cdc/epiinfo/analysis/CsvFileGenerator.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.analysis.CsvFileGenerator
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.analysis.CsvFileGenerator$1
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.analysis.CsvFileGenerator$Generator
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.analysis.CsvFileGenerator$Generator$1
com/creativewidgetworks/goldparser/engine/Symbol.java
 com.creativewidgetworks.goldparser.engine.Symbol
 com.creativewidgetworks.goldparser.engine.Symbol$1
gov/cdc/epiinfo/interpreter/Rule_Field_Checkcode_Statement.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.interpreter.Rule_Field_Checkcode_Statement
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.interpreter.Rule_Field_Checkcode_Statement$1
gov/cdc/epiinfo/interpreter/Rule_Statement.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.interpreter.Rule_Statement
gov/cdc/epiinfo/interpreter/Rule_Begin_Before_Statement.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.interpreter.Rule_Begin_Before_Statement
gov/cdc/epiinfo/statcalc/BinomialActivity.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.statcalc.BinomialActivity
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.statcalc.BinomialActivity$1
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.statcalc.BinomialActivity$2
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.statcalc.BinomialActivity$LowerLimitProcessor
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.statcalc.BinomialActivity$UpperLimitProcessor
gov/cdc/epiinfo/interpreter/Rule_Define.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.interpreter.Rule_Define
gov/cdc/epiinfo/interpreter/functions/Rule_SendSMS.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.interpreter.functions.Rule_SendSMS
gov/cdc/epiinfo/statcalc/etc/ChiSquareResult.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.statcalc.etc.ChiSquareResult
gov/cdc/epiinfo/interpreter/Rule_Enable.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.interpreter.Rule_Enable
gov/cdc/epiinfo/EpiDbHelper.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.EpiDbHelper
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.EpiDbHelper$1
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.EpiDbHelper$CloudRecordCreator
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.EpiDbHelper$CloudRecordDeletor
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.EpiDbHelper$CloudRecordUpdator
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.EpiDbHelper$DatabaseHelper
gov/cdc/epiinfo/etc/DateButton.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.etc.DateButton
gov/cdc/epiinfo/interpreter/Cmd_Statements.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.interpreter.Cmd_Statements
gov/cdc/epiinfo/statcalc/PoissonActivity.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.statcalc.PoissonActivity
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.statcalc.PoissonActivity$1
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.statcalc.PoissonActivity$2
gov/cdc/epiinfo/interpreter/Rule_Expression.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.interpreter.Rule_Expression
goldengine/java/EntryContentConstants.java
 goldengine.java.EntryContentConstants
gov/cdc/epiinfo/interpreter/Rule_AddExp.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.interpreter.Rule_AddExp
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.interpreter.Rule_AddExp$1
gov/cdc/epiinfo/interpreter/VariableCollection.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.interpreter.VariableCollection
gov/cdc/epiinfo/statcalc/calculators/MatchedPair.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.statcalc.calculators.MatchedPair
gov/cdc/epiinfo/interpreter/functions/Rule_Year.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.interpreter.functions.Rule_Year
goldengine/java/SymbolTypeConstants.java
 goldengine.java.SymbolTypeConstants
gov/cdc/epiinfo/AppSettings.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.AppSettings
gov/cdc/epiinfo/statcalc/calculators/TwoByTwo.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.statcalc.calculators.TwoByTwo
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.statcalc.calculators.TwoByTwo$Nums
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.statcalc.calculators.TwoByTwo$Table
gov/cdc/epiinfo/interpreter/Rule_ConcatExp.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.interpreter.Rule_ConcatExp
gov/cdc/epiinfo/cloud/BoxClient.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.cloud.BoxClient
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.cloud.BoxClient$MyBoxItem
gov/cdc/epiinfo/interpreter/functions/Rule_Abs.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.interpreter.functions.Rule_Abs
com/creativewidgetworks/goldparser/parser/ProcessRule.java
 com.creativewidgetworks.goldparser.parser.ProcessRule
com/creativewidgetworks/goldparser/engine/CGT.java
 com.creativewidgetworks.goldparser.engine.CGT
 com.creativewidgetworks.goldparser.engine.CGT$1
com/creativewidgetworks/goldparser/engine/FAState.java
 com.creativewidgetworks.goldparser.engine.FAState
gov/cdc/epiinfo/interpreter/Func_Round.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.interpreter.Func_Round
gov/cdc/epiinfo/analysis/BlankFragment.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.analysis.BlankFragment
gov/cdc/epiinfo/interpreter/functions/Rule_TxtToNum.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.interpreter.functions.Rule_TxtToNum
gov/cdc/epiinfo/interpreter/functions/Rule_Day.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.interpreter.functions.Rule_Day
gov/cdc/epiinfo/interpreter/Rule_Begin_After_Statement.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.interpreter.Rule_Begin_After_Statement
goldengine/java/ActionConstants.java
 goldengine.java.ActionConstants
gov/cdc/epiinfo/interpreter/Cmd_Enable.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.interpreter.Cmd_Enable
goldengine/java/Symbol.java
 goldengine.java.Symbol
gov/cdc/epiinfo/interpreter/Func_Multiply.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.interpreter.Func_Multiply
gov/cdc/epiinfo/statcalc/CohortActivity.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.statcalc.CohortActivity
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.statcalc.CohortActivity$1
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.statcalc.CohortActivity$2
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.statcalc.CohortActivity$3
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.statcalc.CohortActivity$4
gov/cdc/epiinfo/statcalc/PopulationSurveyActivity.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.statcalc.PopulationSurveyActivity
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.statcalc.PopulationSurveyActivity$1
gov/cdc/epiinfo/interpreter/Rule_Statements.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.interpreter.Rule_Statements
com/creativewidgetworks/goldparser/engine/LRAction.java
 com.creativewidgetworks.goldparser.engine.LRAction
gov/cdc/epiinfo/interpreter/CheckCodeProcessor.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.interpreter.CheckCodeProcessor
gov/cdc/epiinfo/interpreter/functions/Rule_Month.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.interpreter.functions.Rule_Month
gov/cdc/epiinfo/SettingsFragment.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.SettingsFragment
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.SettingsFragment$1
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.SettingsFragment$1$1
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.SettingsFragment$1$2
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.SettingsFragment$10
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.SettingsFragment$2
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.SettingsFragment$3
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.SettingsFragment$4
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.SettingsFragment$5
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.SettingsFragment$6
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.SettingsFragment$7
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.SettingsFragment$8
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.SettingsFragment$9
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.SettingsFragment$CloudResetter
gov/cdc/epiinfo/BuildConfig.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.BuildConfig
com/creativewidgetworks/goldparser/util/ConsoleDriver.java
 com.creativewidgetworks.goldparser.util.ConsoleDriver
gov/cdc/epiinfo/interpreter/Rule_CheckCodeBlock.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.interpreter.Rule_CheckCodeBlock
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.interpreter.Rule_CheckCodeBlock$1
gov/cdc/epiinfo/statcalc/calculators/PopulationSurvey.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.statcalc.calculators.PopulationSurvey
gov/cdc/epiinfo/interpreter/Rule_Subroutine_Statement.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.interpreter.Rule_Subroutine_Statement
com/creativewidgetworks/goldparser/engine/enums/EntryType.java
 com.creativewidgetworks.goldparser.engine.enums.EntryType
gov/cdc/epiinfo/interpreter/FunctionFactory.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.interpreter.FunctionFactory
gov/cdc/epiinfo/etc/ImageProcessor.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.etc.ImageProcessor
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.etc.ImageProcessor$1
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.etc.ImageProcessor$BitmapProcessor
gov/cdc/epiinfo/interpreter/functions/Rule_TxtToDate.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.interpreter.functions.Rule_TxtToDate
gov/cdc/epiinfo/interpreter/functions/Rule_Months.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.interpreter.functions.Rule_Months
com/creativewidgetworks/goldparser/engine/enums/SymbolType.java
 com.creativewidgetworks.goldparser.engine.enums.SymbolType
gov/cdc/epiinfo/analysis/AnalysisMain.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.analysis.AnalysisMain
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.analysis.AnalysisMain$1
goldengine/java/LRActionTable.java
 goldengine.java.LRActionTable
gov/cdc/epiinfo/interpreter/Rule_DefineVariables_Statement.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.interpreter.Rule_DefineVariables_Statement
com/creativewidgetworks/goldparser/engine/ParserException.java
 com.creativewidgetworks.goldparser.engine.ParserException
gov/cdc/epiinfo/interpreter/Rule_Execute.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.interpreter.Rule_Execute
com/creativewidgetworks/goldparser/engine/GroupList.java
 com.creativewidgetworks.goldparser.engine.GroupList
gov/cdc/epiinfo/interpreter/functions/Rule_Days.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.interpreter.functions.Rule_Days
gov/cdc/epiinfo/interpreter/Rule_Clear.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.interpreter.Rule_Clear
gov/cdc/epiinfo/interpreter/IInterpreter.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.interpreter.IInterpreter
gov/cdc/epiinfo/statcalc/calculators/ChiSquare.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.statcalc.calculators.ChiSquare
gov/cdc/epiinfo/etc/ShareProvider.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.etc.ShareProvider
gov/cdc/epiinfo/statcalc/calculators/Binomial.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.statcalc.calculators.Binomial
gov/cdc/epiinfo/interpreter/EnterRule.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.interpreter.EnterRule
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.interpreter.EnterRule$1
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.interpreter.EnterRule$Rule_Enum
gov/cdc/epiinfo/interpreter/Func_Empty.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.interpreter.Func_Empty
gov/cdc/epiinfo/interpreter/functions/Rule_Minutes.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.interpreter.functions.Rule_Minutes
gov/cdc/epiinfo/interpreter/CSymbol.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.interpreter.CSymbol
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.interpreter.CSymbol$DataType
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.interpreter.CSymbol$VariableScope
gov/cdc/epiinfo/interpreter/Rule_Geocode.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.interpreter.Rule_Geocode
goldengine/java/VariableType.java
 goldengine.java.VariableType
gov/cdc/epiinfo/RecordList.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.RecordList
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.RecordList$1
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.RecordList$2
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.RecordList$3
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.RecordList$4
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.RecordList$5
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.RecordList$6
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.RecordList$7
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.RecordList$8
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.RecordList$9
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.RecordList$CloudSynchronizer
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.RecordList$PreCompiledLoader
gov/cdc/epiinfo/interpreter/Rule_View_Checkcode_Statement.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.interpreter.Rule_View_Checkcode_Statement
com/google/zxing/integration/android/IntentIntegrator.java
 com.google.zxing.integration.android.IntentIntegrator
 com.google.zxing.integration.android.IntentIntegrator$1
gov/cdc/epiinfo/interpreter/Util.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.interpreter.Util
gov/cdc/epiinfo/statcalc/etc/TableResults.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.statcalc.etc.TableResults
gov/cdc/epiinfo/LauncherLink.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.LauncherLink
gov/cdc/epiinfo/etc/ExtFilter.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.etc.ExtFilter
gov/cdc/epiinfo/interpreter/CheckCodeEngine.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.interpreter.CheckCodeEngine
gov/cdc/epiinfo/etc/CustomListAdapter.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.etc.CustomListAdapter
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.etc.CustomListAdapter$1
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.etc.CustomListAdapter$CloudSynchronizer
gov/cdc/epiinfo/interpreter/Rule_Value.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.interpreter.Rule_Value
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.interpreter.Rule_Value$1
com/creativewidgetworks/goldparser/parser/SystemConsole.java
 com.creativewidgetworks.goldparser.parser.SystemConsole
gov/cdc/epiinfo/interpreter/functions/Rule_Round.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.interpreter.functions.Rule_Round
gov/cdc/epiinfo/interpreter/Rule_UnHide.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.interpreter.Rule_UnHide
gov/cdc/epiinfo/statcalc/calculators/Strat2x2.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.statcalc.calculators.Strat2x2
gov/cdc/epiinfo/analysis/TwoByTwoView.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.analysis.TwoByTwoView
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.analysis.TwoByTwoView$1
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.analysis.TwoByTwoView$2
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.analysis.TwoByTwoView$3
gov/cdc/epiinfo/interpreter/Rule_ExprList.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.interpreter.Rule_ExprList
gov/cdc/epiinfo/cloud/CloudFactory.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.cloud.CloudFactory
gov/cdc/epiinfo/etc/VerticalLabelView.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.etc.VerticalLabelView
com/creativewidgetworks/goldparser/engine/LRState.java
 com.creativewidgetworks.goldparser.engine.LRState
goldengine/java/FAEdge.java
 goldengine.java.FAEdge
gov/cdc/epiinfo/interpreter/functions/Rule_NumToDate.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.interpreter.functions.Rule_NumToDate
com/creativewidgetworks/goldparser/engine/enums/ParseMessage.java
 com.creativewidgetworks.goldparser.engine.enums.ParseMessage
gov/cdc/epiinfo/SplashScreen.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.SplashScreen
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.SplashScreen$1
gov/cdc/epiinfo/interpreter/ICheckCodeHost.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.interpreter.ICheckCodeHost
gov/cdc/epiinfo/analysis/OddsAndRisk.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.analysis.OddsAndRisk
gov/cdc/epiinfo/interpreter/functions/Rule_Uppercase.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.interpreter.functions.Rule_Uppercase
com/creativewidgetworks/goldparser/engine/FAStateList.java
 com.creativewidgetworks.goldparser.engine.FAStateList
gov/cdc/epiinfo/interpreter/functions/Rule_Second.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.interpreter.functions.Rule_Second
com/creativewidgetworks/goldparser/engine/CharacterRange.java
 com.creativewidgetworks.goldparser.engine.CharacterRange
gov/cdc/epiinfo/interpreter/Rule_CheckCodeBlocks.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.interpreter.Rule_CheckCodeBlocks
gov/cdc/epiinfo/cloud/ICloudClient.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.cloud.ICloudClient
gov/cdc/epiinfo/interpreter/functions/Rule_GetCoordinates.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.interpreter.functions.Rule_GetCoordinates
gov/cdc/epiinfo/interpreter/Rule_Begin_Click_Statement.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.interpreter.Rule_Begin_Click_Statement
gov/cdc/epiinfo/analysis/MeansView.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.analysis.MeansView
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.analysis.MeansView$1
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.analysis.MeansView$2
gov/cdc/epiinfo/interpreter/functions/Rule_Hour.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.interpreter.functions.Rule_Hour
gov/cdc/epiinfo/interpreter/Rule_Always.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.interpreter.Rule_Always
gov/cdc/epiinfo/Saver.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.Saver
goldengine/java/GPMessageConstants.java
 goldengine.java.GPMessageConstants
gov/cdc/epiinfo/interpreter/Func_Add.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.interpreter.Func_Add
com/creativewidgetworks/goldparser/engine/CharacterSet.java
 com.creativewidgetworks.goldparser.engine.CharacterSet
gov/cdc/epiinfo/statcalc/calculators/Cohort.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.statcalc.calculators.Cohort
gov/cdc/epiinfo/FormMetadata.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.FormMetadata
gov/cdc/epiinfo/etc/Base64.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.etc.Base64
gov/cdc/epiinfo/interpreter/Rule_Page_Checkcode_Statement.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.interpreter.Rule_Page_Checkcode_Statement
gov/cdc/epiinfo/interpreter/Rule_If_Then_Else_End.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.interpreter.Rule_If_Then_Else_End
gov/cdc/epiinfo/Field.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.Field
gov/cdc/epiinfo/interpreter/functions/Rule_Hours.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.interpreter.functions.Rule_Hours
gov/cdc/epiinfo/interpreter/Rule_GoTo.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.interpreter.Rule_GoTo
com/creativewidgetworks/goldparser/parser/Variable.java
 com.creativewidgetworks.goldparser.parser.Variable
gov/cdc/epiinfo/interpreter/functions/Rule_Exp_Func.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.interpreter.functions.Rule_Exp_Func
com/creativewidgetworks/goldparser/engine/enums/LRConflict.java
 com.creativewidgetworks.goldparser.engine.enums.LRConflict
gov/cdc/epiinfo/statcalc/TwoByTwoActivity.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.statcalc.TwoByTwoActivity
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.statcalc.TwoByTwoActivity$1
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.statcalc.TwoByTwoActivity$10
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.statcalc.TwoByTwoActivity$11
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.statcalc.TwoByTwoActivity$12
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.statcalc.TwoByTwoActivity$13
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.statcalc.TwoByTwoActivity$14
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.statcalc.TwoByTwoActivity$15
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.statcalc.TwoByTwoActivity$16
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.statcalc.TwoByTwoActivity$17
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.statcalc.TwoByTwoActivity$18
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.statcalc.TwoByTwoActivity$19
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.statcalc.TwoByTwoActivity$2
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.statcalc.TwoByTwoActivity$20
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.statcalc.TwoByTwoActivity$21
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.statcalc.TwoByTwoActivity$3
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.statcalc.TwoByTwoActivity$4
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.statcalc.TwoByTwoActivity$5
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.statcalc.TwoByTwoActivity$6
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.statcalc.TwoByTwoActivity$7
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.statcalc.TwoByTwoActivity$8
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.statcalc.TwoByTwoActivity$9
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.statcalc.TwoByTwoActivity$SummaryProcessor
gov/cdc/epiinfo/interpreter/Rule_MultExp.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.interpreter.Rule_MultExp
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.interpreter.Rule_MultExp$1
gov/cdc/epiinfo/interpreter/functions/Rule_Tan.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.interpreter.functions.Rule_Tan
gov/cdc/epiinfo/statcalc/MatchedPairActivity.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.statcalc.MatchedPairActivity
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.statcalc.MatchedPairActivity$1
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.statcalc.MatchedPairActivity$2
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.statcalc.MatchedPairActivity$3
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.statcalc.MatchedPairActivity$4
com/creativewidgetworks/goldparser/engine/ProductionList.java
 com.creativewidgetworks.goldparser.engine.ProductionList
gov/cdc/epiinfo/LineListFragment.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.LineListFragment
gov/cdc/epiinfo/interpreter/Rule_UnHighlight.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.interpreter.Rule_UnHighlight
gov/cdc/epiinfo/interpreter/Cmd_Dialog.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.interpreter.Cmd_Dialog
gov/cdc/epiinfo/cloud/CouchDbClient.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.cloud.CouchDbClient
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.cloud.CouchDbClient$1
com/creativewidgetworks/goldparser/engine/enums/EndingMode.java
 com.creativewidgetworks.goldparser.engine.enums.EndingMode
goldengine/java/LRAction.java
 goldengine.java.LRAction
gov/cdc/epiinfo/statcalc/StatCalcMain.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.statcalc.StatCalcMain
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.statcalc.StatCalcMain$1
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.statcalc.StatCalcMain$2
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.statcalc.StatCalcMain$3
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.statcalc.StatCalcMain$4
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.statcalc.StatCalcMain$5
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.statcalc.StatCalcMain$6
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.statcalc.StatCalcMain$7
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.statcalc.StatCalcMain$8
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.statcalc.StatCalcMain$9
gov/cdc/epiinfo/interpreter/Rule_NotExp.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.interpreter.Rule_NotExp
goldengine/java/SymbolList.java
 goldengine.java.SymbolList
gov/cdc/epiinfo/interpreter/Cmd_Clear.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.interpreter.Cmd_Clear
gov/cdc/epiinfo/interpreter/functions/Rule_Log.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.interpreter.functions.Rule_Log
gov/cdc/epiinfo/interpreter/functions/Rule_Substring.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.interpreter.functions.Rule_Substring
gov/cdc/epiinfo/interpreter/Operator_Enum.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.interpreter.Operator_Enum
com/creativewidgetworks/goldparser/engine/Entry.java
 com.creativewidgetworks.goldparser.engine.Entry
com/creativewidgetworks/goldparser/engine/CharacterSetList.java
 com.creativewidgetworks.goldparser.engine.CharacterSetList
com/creativewidgetworks/goldparser/engine/SymbolList.java
 com.creativewidgetworks.goldparser.engine.SymbolList
com/creativewidgetworks/goldparser/engine/Token.java
 com.creativewidgetworks.goldparser.engine.Token
gov/cdc/epiinfo/interpreter/functions/Rule_Years.java
 gov.cdc.epiinfo.interpreter.functions.Rule_Years
com/creativewidgetworks/goldparser/engine/Reduction.java
 com.creativewidgetworks.goldparser.engine.Reduction
goldengine/java/Rule.java
 goldengine.java.Rule
